Okay, in this video we're gonna use AI to help us generate
image ideas as well as images for our landing pages.
And it can also be used for, um, your ads as well for your
uh, image, for your ad headlines to go
with your ad headlines.
The concepts are the same, you know, we need,
ultimately we need four images
for our landing pages
and we need one only for our first round of testing for our
ad headlines or ads in general with the headlines.
But the idea is, you know, you want to generate a lot
of different images
because you just don't know what's really gonna work
and if you can generate more ideas
than you have a wider variety to a pick from.
So I'm gonna start out by using
the affiliate angle architect transcript.
Basically that was generated when we,
if you saw a previous video on landing page headlines,
we generated this affiliate angle architect transcript.
'cause in the inside this transcript
it has different banner visuals,
for example, pile of ignored toys
with X marks versus engaged dog with the active device.
You know, that's a banner visual idea.
And this is an easy way to come up with those ideas
'cause it gives you 12 right off the bat.
So all I did was basically go from copy
or just copy the affiliate angle Architect text
and put it in a new chat inside a po.
'cause inside Affiliate Angle Architect, you can't generate,
uh, images,
but you can once you do,
once you just put 'em in a new chat.
So what I've done here is I've asked the AI
assistant to basically just pull the vanner visual
ideas out of those.
So it gave out of the transcript
and gave me 12 to 12, uh, image ideas.
And I didn't like any of these.
I thought they were all, some were kind of the same.
So I asked to develop three more unique for each angle
and it came up with some additional ones.
And this is a process that you just need to work through
to come up with angle ideas
because you know, the majority of them probably
aren't that great, but they can inspire you to think
outside the box a little bit.
And some of them can be very good, you know, I mean,
owner imagining a sad
and active dog versus reality shows a happy, playful dog,
interesting concept through a bubble contrast,
but kind of hard to implement.
And you could, if you are really good at generating images,
you might be able to pull something like that off.
Um, you know, so you have to play
around with this a little bit.
So what else did I do?
So I, what I basically did was here's, I took the, uh,
just took the headlines or the angle, the image angle ideas,
and I asked it to provide an image
for the three pess visuals.
Again, AI's not perfect.
Sometimes I, my promptings not that great.
It didn't really give me what I wanted.
It just gave me one visual of a lazy
and active versus active and energized.
And we generally don't want text on our landing page images
or our ad images.
So what I asked it to do was,
and it obviously didn't know what the toy was,
so it had the wrong toy in there.
So I went over, first thing I did was I went over
to the advertorial for Bark Chester
and I just snip this little image so it would know
what the image looks like.
So then I ask it to remove all the texts from the
above image and then place the toy with the attached image.
So, you know, hopefully we get a little closer.
So now you can see it's done a little bit better job.
We've still got that same concept
of the lazy dog versus the dog
with the toy looking more energized.
Howard's the toy's, not that correct.
So again, playing with it a little bit,
I gave the same image again.
I said, you know, take the time to study the detail
and rep replicated accurately.
So it did, it did a much better job,
but for some reason it put top over the bottom.
This might be all right for some ad headline or images,
but not for a landing page image.
So I had to try to tell it again
to put 'em the same side by side.
So now you see I've got something here
that's really not too bad.
I mean, it's an angle idea.
Lazy dogs laying on the bed versus one
outside running around with a toy.
So that's a good idea that you can start with.
That's, you know, it again, it's, there's no
perfect way to do this.
It's just about using your creativity and using AI
and to try to generate what you want
with the different ideas that you see.
So here I put the, I grabbed another idea,
discarded toys, spilling out dog,
ignoring them while watching the new device,
you know, so it gave me this.
Didn't really love it because you know, it it, it kind
of shows, but it doesn't really show me what I wanted,
you know, 'cause the dog, the toy isn't moving,
obviously it's a static image.
Dog seems to be looking at it,
but you can't really differentiate between
that and the pile of toys.
So not exactly what I wanted. So now I said new image idea.
Make the dog a beagle. 'cause I love beagles.
I had one for 13 years. One of my favorite dogs.
Had the dog laying in the middle of a pile of old unused
toys to look bored.
Left side image on the right side.
Had the dog, same way living room cha in the same living
room chasing the toy.
So I took that same idea up here
and changed it up a little bit
and got up, got an image like this much better.
I think, you know, a different angle idea.
Poured toys, dogs laying on 'em.
You see 'em as a bed versus this.
Now this toy is obviously too big so you know,
you gotta refine it again, I asked
to make the toy smaller, still not perfect.
So, you know, you could probably do a couple of iterations
of this and get this down to where you needed it,
but at least the concept is there.
And this is what you really need
to be thinking about is just the angle idea
and the messaging that you're getting across
with your particular image.
Okay, so let's move on to a different idea
and just see what else we can develop to try
to just stoke the imagination of ourselves
and get um, clawed to,
or this is po, to generate some ideas, more ideas.
So another chat. Lemme get up here and scroll up here.
Lemme see, this is the last one.
I wanna get through all these here to the top.
So I started out this one, I actually selected a chat GPT
image generator from Poe, which is one of the options.
You don't have to do that,
but I tried it just to see what it would look like
for just using this particular image generator.
So I just said generate an image
of a sleeping dog on a sofa.
Pretty good. You know, whether that would be a good one
to use for advent or, or an image for a landing page.
I don't really know. Doesn't really message a lot other
than just a sleepy dog.
It doesn't really look forward.
He looks kind of comfortable.
So not probably something I would use again,
think about what you're messaging.
So then I went out and I said, I thought to myself,
let's try to think
of a different concept of a dog laying on the,
laying on a sofa, being lazy.
I actually went out this idea.
I went out onto Google
and did a search for a fat dog, couch potato.
And I saw this image
and I thought that was a little bit interesting.
Again, it's the messaging that you're trying to get across
that particular idea.
I mean, this might actually work better on an ad banner
as opposed to um, an landing page
because it's, it grabs your interest in.
Those are really, images are really important
for grabbing your interest in generating curiosity at the ad
level as opposed to the landing page level.
So anyway, I just grabbed that image
and I dropped it in the chat GPT.
Now I didn't wanna use that image exactly
'cause I don't want to do hand have any problems
with copyright infringements.
So I took that image
and I said re So this is the image I pasted in here.
And I said, recreate this image,
but have a dog wearing the clothes, not just the costume.
I want the image to imitate a real person, but as a dog.
So did a little bit better job.
It looks like the, he's ac he may be actually wearing these,
I don't know, I can't really tell,
but it looks a little bit different.
Not too bad, but you kind of get, get the message idea
that I'm trying to get across here.
Just someone, a lazy dog on the sofa.
So then I said, make the dog a golden retriever.
I liked that a little bit better.
So then I said, I just did this for grins just
to see, 'cause there was a video generator on, I wanted
to see what the video looked like.
This was something you wouldn't use right now initially in
your initial static image testing.
But later on the, if this image happened
to perform well then you know, you want to generate a video
of some sort out of the create motion.
So something like this, not the noise,
but this part really knocks the remote over
would be something that I would, you know,
consider possibly using.
So thinking ahead of the possibilities in term
of video generation.
You can take these and generate videos.
But then what I said here was take the same image,
have the dog's head slightly slumped over
with his eyes closed.
Nick Lucky's falling asleep. So maybe a little bit better.
You can't really tell if he's sleeping or not.
Then I said, make him lean.
Its head back more against the sofa facing towards the
camera there it looks.
He is more like he's sleeping.
So that's a little bit better than I did.
It made the body look more realistic.
It still looked kind of stumpy for a golden retriever.
So it looks more like a golden retriever than now
sleeping on the sofa.
And then I think the final was I wanted
to change the close up
so it didn't look anything like the original photo.
And I got something like this.
Again, the idea is, you know, to think
creatively and try to come up with unique ideas
for your images that will message,
that will compliment your headlines.
Your image needs to compliment your headline.
It doesn't have to be a separate story in and of itself.
It can be a different idea, but it's,
and it doesn't ha it could be a different angle idea,
but as long as it still compliments the headline
and the two work together, it will be fine.
Okay, so here's a slightly different approach.
You know, before I was using um, affiliate angle architect
and coming up with the banner visuals from affiliate angle
architect, which helps you come up with some angle ideas,
but you can also just take the advertorial and upload it
and ask it to provide image ideas.
So I asked her to provide image ideas
and it came up with 20 different ones I went through there.
Let's see, I, I didn't like any of these particularly,
so I said give some, that would create more curiosity.
It came up with some more.
Again, some of these could be a little hard to um,
create through an image,
but you could, if you've got good enough at it.
And it really depends on what the idea is, is
how much time I wanna spend to really
focus in on a particular idea.
So it came up with 20 more ideas
than then it said, it gave me some options,
which I didn't pay any attention to.
So please create an image idea
for the following idea dog actively engaged with Bar Chester
United Will owner works on a laptop or relaxes on the sofa.
I think that was one of these original ideas up here.
Yeah, right here, number three.
So I just took that idea
and I said generate an image for that.
You know, again, it came up with this, it doesn't know
what Bark Chester is, so just put that in there.
But you can then, you know, I did the same thing.
I grabbed the picture of the image
and I said change the toy to the attached image.
Kenon has a problem with little bit pro a problem with
size here, but it gets, you know, this is, I had to,
to realize it, to make it smaller, still a little better.
I think that was the last one I did.
But this angle is a totally different idea.
Again, you know, the dog's being entertained
while you're at home working.
So it's not requiring you to do anything.
The dog can still get as fun and exercise
and stimulation while you work.
Uh, this another angle idea. So that's another approach.
You know, just thinking of different ways
to come up with images.
Okay, so here's another one. Another one I came up with.
This was actually from the advertorial itself.
So this was an image right out of the advertorial.
I said, generate a picture based upon the following idea.
Please use attached image for the device.
Split image sewing,
same dog lounging versus actively playing.
So I gave it the prompt and this is what it came up with.
That's not too bad, you know, that kind of
looks like a board dog there the way it's laying.
And then you've got him over here playing
with the toy on the other side.
Again, you don't always want
to have the toy in the vi in the, in the images,
but it's certainly valid for testing purposes
to see whether it'll work or not, you know.
And then again, I just wanted to see what it looked like
with a beagle for the above image.
So I had it switch out
and have a beagle instead of that dog.
Same concept, you know, different dogs.
I mean sometimes something like a change
of a dog could make a big difference depending on, you know,
how well people relate to this type
of dog versus a beagle golden retriever, you know,
all your popular dog breeds.
So you know, that's a little bit of a more refined test.
Maybe if you found this image did particularly well
in later tests, you may try changing up the actual dog in it
to see if that can get further engagement.
It's all part of the testing process.
And here again, this is another dog swap idea.
I had generated these ideas with that same dog,
sleeping in the bed, bored with dog toys laying all around,
versus someone playing with the dog with the toy.
And then I took this beagle picture
and ask it to put the beagle in there.
Did it on one side but not the other.
Then I had it tell it again and it finally got the picture.
So again, you know, you got the board beagle
over here looking like he wants to play with something,
but these, there's nothing interesting versus him over here.
Active, different concepts.
These are all different ways of representing ideas.
And then here's again, another one where I just said
generate an image of the beagle sleeping on the sofa.
Now the reason I'm showing this,
I know I've shown several sleeping dogs, A four is
because this one kind of caught my eye a little bit
'cause a dog kind of looked like he was halfway hanging off
of the sofa a little bit here.
So I thought, you know, that kind of portrays, you know,
a lethargic dog
that just doesn't wanna do anything if they're just laying
there like that.
So I said I wanted to change this idea up a little bit.
So I said zoom in more on the dog and have him sleeping
but halfway hanging off the sofa.
So then I got something like this.
So, you know, again,
su subtle little changes can make a big difference.
To me. This is a more powerful image.
'cause first the dog is very centered and focused, you know,
and he's so sleepy that he is halfway hanging off the sofa.
That messaging is different than even something like this.
So again, you gotta think about the messaging of your
ideas when you're generating all these different images.
And then again, this is another idea of following up of
the concept of someone working at home.
While the dog plays by itself in the background,
a little busy, can't really see people as much I ask.
So I ask to zoom in a little bit more
and put the toy in there
and the right toy in there that dog's playing with.
Again, you gotta be careful what AI does
'cause it'll change things up quite a bit.
But still, this one wasn't too bad.
I kind of like this idea of the person sitting on the floor
with the dog while the dog plays by itself.
So you're not, the person is not totally disengaged,
but you know, they are working
and the dog is, they're down with the dog,
but the dog's playing by himself
and they're able to get work done.
Again, I had to get the image in
there and it's still too big.
I finally got it small, maybe too small there.
Then I asked to make a video
but it couldn't do the video
for whatever bot I was on here on the assistant.
So anyway, I just, the idea across all these is to
leverage AI to help you come up with ideas.
I had one more I wanted to show as well. Hang on one second.
Okay, this one, these were all using po.
This one I actually was using chat GPT for some of these.
And these are a little bit different.
I think I had asked it previously, um, to
maybe over here.
Okay, that was another one I did as well.
So again, I had it come up in chat.
CPTI did the same thing
'cause you never know across the AI what you're gonna get.
So I asked it to basically,
did I put the advertorial in here?
What did I do? Yeah, I dropped the advertorial in
and I asked it to give me,
are these were headlines?
I think so it had it given me headlines,
three best headlines.
Then I went down here and ultimately had it generate
top headlines
or was it
Image ideas?
Okay. Usually previously attached text for 10
and the 10 ad headlines to come up with image ideas.
So it came up with these ideas.
Again, you can use multiple AI for this
and I suggest you do that.
And it came up with all these different ideas.
But it always, always had the toy in the image.
And I said, don't, I said I don't want
to have the toy in the image.
Don't gimme a prompt, just give the ideas.
Because I found that these prompts, when you gave, when I,
I think I'd ask it to give me the actual prompt layout.
And when you do that in, at least for me in chat GPT,
it was not giving me what I thought were very good photos.
I mean, these were kind of dark
and don't look, they're almost too cinematic.
So I think I actually took this, one of these ideas,
overweight couch potato dog transforming to athlete.
It came up with this, it wasn't too bad,
but it had text in it.
So I eliminated all the text.
So we don't want text in there. So it did a better job.
Then I ask it to do one without the owner.
Then I ask it to do some more.
You know, these, I don't really like things like this.
So these didn't really pass the mustard for me
and I asked another beagle, sleeping on a sofa.
Then here's just, you know, a different concept.
Just this could work in and of itself without the before and
after, just the dog asleep with all the toys around.
Then the final one I wanted to show you was,
this was another one where I went out
and found an image of an overweight dog on Google.
I think, let me see if I could find it real quick.
Overweight.
I don't know if it'll show up or not,
but I thought there was one that was, that was one
that was pretty interesting.
I don't see it, but you could do it
with any of these really.
So I took the dog, took that particular image,
and I went and I,
where was it over here?
Copied it, pasted it in here.
And I said, please use the above image for before and
after overweight dog versus the same dog.
Now nice and fit.
And I, you know, rather than,
you don't want a blank background, you want it
to almost look like the, someone took the photo,
user generated content
and I said, put it in a living room setting.
Had the dog standing in the second image.
So it came up with something like this.
You know, again, you, this is a different way
of talking about how this device could help your dog.
A lazy, overweight dog turns into a fit trim dog just
by using this device.
So you can see there's multiple, multiple ways
to approach image generation.
And I know this was kind of hit and miss here and there,
but that's just the way image generation
generally is gonna be.
You're not gonna have, um,
a hundred percent hit rate on this stuff.
It takes a little more work than the headlines,
but it can be well worth it
because you've come up with some, some good image ideas
and come up with some quality images.
It can go a long way in helping you get
to a profitable campaign.
So hopefully this provides you some good insight
to get started on creating images.
Again, this will work across images for your ads
as well as your landing pages.